Qingzu,
Until they can't see me.
Qingzu, can you see me?
I am Chen Xuan.
Princess, you are so beautiful here.
But the moment the general looked at the hijab first,
I will definitely bring you to visit. Touching is a joke.
I heard about the general coming from heaven,
He has a surly and indifferent personality.
It is, it looks down upon me, the little princess from the tribe.
The slaves can only send you here.
From now on, you have to take good care of yourself.
This is big country. Seeing two closed girls, he didn't let him go.
How stingy. sound,
My father has already verified my identity,
After you go back, you must speak respectfully and wake up. Princess
we got it
Then you must take good care of yourself
Neither of us will feel at ease like this until we die.
Thousand Brothers and Princess
The general Yin warrior is born
Unable to come to pick you up
I can only let my subordinates come
ok princess
Come back to the DPRK with us quickly
Happy Road to Chao
No one from Sina official website came to respond
The departure of your great dynasty
Nothing more than that
Hello, Mr. Meng
I'll go with you
Be sure to let your subordinates bring the princess back to court
Don't be a rude wife
Which item is
What kind of dog criticizes the general?